Edward, you're marrying a stripper?
I thought I was your fiancé.
My father arranged for us to get married
only for the sake of our families.
We wouldn't be happy even if we did get married.
But I would be happy, Edward.
Carla, you know I have someone that I love.
She's the one I'm waiting for.
I don't know who the fuck you are,
but if you think you have a chance against me,
you're done with that, I thought.
Miss, get it straight.
I'm not competing with you.
Stop it.
Edward, are you defending her now?
I'm not dumb, bitch.
I'm just waiting.
Wow.
Got a lot of admirers, huh?
Any more than to watch out for?
Look, if you see me in the living room,
don't show your face.
Same will go for me.
Your house, your rules.
Big deal!